Change size limitation for all file paths and node_id (#464)
container-storage-interface/spec: spec.md

| 128 bytes  | string              |
| 4 KiB      | map<string, string> |

> Please note that for any length of paths or id, 128 bytes will still be the preferrable size for backward compatibility.

Reviewer: Remove this and just include it in each override as specified below.

Author: Done

  // CO SHALL be responsible for creating the directory if it does not
  // exist.
  // This is a REQUIRED field.
  // This field overrides the general CSI size limit.

>   // The size of this field CAN vary depend on what the underlying OS
>   // supports. The minial support size SHOULD be at least 128 bytes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// SP SHOULD support the maximum path length allowed by the operating
// system/filesystem, but, at a minimum, SP MUST accept a max path length
// of at least 128 bytes.
```

Reviewer: Likewise below.

Author: Done

  string staging_target_path = 3;

> 

Reviewer: Consider adding a new error code, maybe `OUT_OF_RANGE`, that SP can return if it does not support the given length of `target_path`.

Author: Can we use the https://github.com/container-storage-interface/spec/blob/master/spec.md#error-scheme invalid argument error code? I dont know if it is worth it to add a special error code for this case.

Reviewer: Ya, I guess this would fall under the existing `INVALID_ARGUMENT`

  // CO SHALL be responsible for creating the directory if it does not
  // exist.
  // This is a REQUIRED field.

>   // The size limitation for this field is 256 bytes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  // This field overrides the  general CSI size limit.
  // The size of this field SHALL NOT exceed 256 bytes.
  // The general CSI size limit, 128 byte, is RECOMMENDED for best backwards compatibility. 
```

Do the same for similar comments below.

Author: Done.
